hey you guys it's Haley and I'm about to
get ready for date night so I thought I
would just bring you guys along as I get
ready
[Music]
um so first thing I'm gonna do is a
little skin prep and I'm gonna use
the road peptide glazing fluid it's
usual
get that skin nice and glowy and dewy
before I do my makeup
and then next I'm going to use
the road barrier restore cream
a little bit in the places where I get a
little bit extra dry as the weather's
starting to cool down a little bit so
that it's like under my eyes
put a little in the T-Zone
okay next thing I'm gonna do is a little
bit of concealer tonight I'm kind of
feeling definitely more natural Chill on
the skin so I'm going to just use
concealer and I'm going to use the milk
future fluid concealer and I'm using the
shade 11c
so I'm just going to put it in the areas
where I feel like I need it under my
eyes
around the nose
I'm going to start there and I like to
blend with my fingers
I just feel like
for me personally blending with the
fingers gives a little bit more of like
a natural skin finish this concealer is
super beautiful and creamy and gives
just that right balance of coverage
without feeling
um like too much and it also really
feels like it's buildable so in the
areas where I feel like maybe you need
more you're able to
Build It Up in those places so I'm going
to do a little bit right here
I have a couple little
dark marks that
cover
and yes they are from picking
I'm gonna do that little trick
right here
here
and then and then for right here
I will use a blender
something about that just it just does a
little something
I feel like I say that every time I do
this
I'm going to add a teeny bit of my chin
so I'm also going to go in with a little
bit darker of a color of the future
fluid concealer and this one is 13w and
I'm just going to mix the two
because my face is always much more pale
than my body that's because you know I
keep my face out of the Sun for the most
part so I have three really good colors
of this concealer that even
combining them helps me to get a really
perfect even match on my skin this is
the westmin Atelier
lit up highlight stick that's what I'm
going to use to kind of just bronze up
the face it'll get a little bit
I like to just go on the cheeks over the
nose
around the hairline
chin
neck
all those spots
sometimes I just put it onto a brush I
kind of wipe some of it off and then I
go in just to warm up my face
sure it's all
Blended
nobody wants to look not Blended
okay next I'm gonna go into my cheeks
and I just got sent this semi Haze solar
tint blush duo I'm really really into
this color blush and like lip for fall
so I'm gonna try this one because it's
super pretty
I don't think I could like do without
creamy blush for the rest of my life I
just
love the way it sits on the skin and I
also like products like this where I
feel like not only does it work on the
cheeks but it works you know even
putting a little on the eyelids which I
think is super nice I'm really into just
doing like monochromatic looks right now
like the same thing on the cheek on the
lid on the lip
so that's what I'm gonna do
okay so that's
the lid the cheek the eye now I'm gonna
just brush up my brows
is the Anastasia
clear brow gel
I feel like I've said this before I'm
not big on like doing my brows I usually
just brush them up with product this is
the Marc Jacobs Spotlight glow stick I
have used this highlighter stick for
years
and
I'm obsessed with it
put on the high points put it on the
bridge of my nose tip of my nose and
then I also like to go over my highlight
with the peptide glazing fluid where you
can do it with a beauty blender
and tap it in the same
spots
to give like a really natural skin like
dewy finish it's
one of my favorite road hacks
but I also say with that putting the
peptide glazing fluid on I always like
to do it very gently because I feel like
if you really press it into the skin too
much it's going to take off the product
that you already put on before so like
let's say you did your blush if you
press it in too hard it's going to lift
some of the product off so
ever so gently next I'm going to curl my
lashes
I usually just curl my lashes and then I
leave it but I'm gonna do some mascara
tonight because it's date night I'm
using the milk um Kush mascara
I love this one it has like a super
fluffy brush
the last thing I always like to do with
my makeup is I do add a little bit of
powder
in the places where I feel like it it
needs to like be sealed in so I'm just
gonna do a little in here
underneath my eyes just to really seal
in that concealer and then there's just
one more little spot that I feel like I
need to
do your
put it in
and try to seal it in with a little bit
of powder sometimes when I have little
marks or blemishes I feel like I need to
go in like two or three times with the
concealer and then take a beauty blender
like really
seal in
the concealer with powder
but my last last and final step is I'm
just gonna add some
salted caramel peptide lip treatment
lips are feeling a little bit dry
so this is the final
quick and easy date night look I love
that it's so like fresh and glowy and
dewy
this is it
that's the final look
super minimal easy chill don't forget to
like subscribe and ring the notification
Bell and I'll see you next time